Does it hook you in?

Simply said...yeah. It really does, actually.

Is my MC likeable, relateable, etc.?

Likeable: Hard to say so far. 
Relatable: I'd say somewhat; obviously we're already living in a screen-obsessed world and I think many people will be able to relate to the idea of the good years being behind us. Personally, I'm young and feel like I haven't hit my 'good years' yet, so I can't personally relate to her wistfulness. But I understand it. Her frustration that she isn't what she used to be, that she's fallen so far. (No sunrise rice D:) One thing that loses me a bit is that I'm having trouble putting an age to her: teenager? 18 maybe? Early 20's? Early 30's? I get the impression she used to have a different career years ago, which means she either started working very young (which would fit the theme of the world) or that she's older than I'm picturing her. If I had to nail down a guess I'd say 25. But with life experiences that forced her to mature at a young age. 

How does my world-building come across?

I was impressed at how fast this world came together for me. The integration of the myscreens, the dystopian big brother vibe all gave me quick impressions of the setting. Something like 1984 (propaganda ads) meets Ready Player One (tech obsession/corporate rule) meets A Scanner Darkly (the drugs thing). I'm still unsure how the no-necks fit into this. Are they just people who live beyond the wall? (Am I supposed to be wondering these things right now?) Also, I just gotta say when Essa had her freakout moment when her myscreen was calling for her it legit gave me chills. Best world-building AND character building moment for me in the chapter. 
	
What do you think lies in store for the rest of the novel? What're you expectations?

I feel like the story is going to move towards the MC unplugging completely, (going rogue so to speak), and going out and crossing the wall, likely meeting Gwyn again (who can't be dead, I mean come on). Maybe discovering some government/corporate conspiracies, maybe coming to join the no-necks even, or ally with them. 

And in general what's working, what's not?

Working: The voice is very strong. I've gotten more into first person narration recently and this works well to me. The humor is actually solid, which is impressive because I usually find myself rolling my eyes at professional authors' attempts at humor. I actually chuckled at the dad's dad joke for example. The setting/world building is excellent. Bravo.

Not working: Mostly little things. I think there is a bit of an overuse of ellipses throughout. I'm personally in the camp that ellipses are okay as long as they aren't used too often. I'm also unsure about the use of italics. In some cases it seems like it's supposed to refer to the mc's thoughts, but other times it's just emphasizing certain thoughts. It seems like there's some blending of the mc's stream of conscioiusness in the narration and the lines there are sometimes fuzzy. It doesn't really hinder the reading too much, I should point out, it just may be a bit inconsistent. Might be worth combing over with that in mind. 

Random Notes: There are some interesting parts of the writing style that caught my attention. Things like this bit on page 12:  “I dunno.” Our stomps up the back steps. “Leave me alone about it.”

It's almost like a hybrid of screenplay and book. Not sure if I have anything constructive to say about this, it's just something that caught my attention.

Also, boy does rice, egg, and spam sound heavenly right now. 

I'm very impressed overall. I want to read more and am open to giving more criticism/praise/advice if you'd like to share more.