Alignment History:


Pre-Alignment:

The Odiamani were a super advanced race of creatures who had dominated their home universe millions of years before, and evolved technologically to the point of immortality and abundance. They could telepathically shift reality to suit their needs, which were relatively few. They could procreate, but did so very rarely, and totalled in number about 300. 

They had unlocked all the secrets of their universe, and already knew about alternate realities, 'parallel universes' for eons. Though, they had little interest in exploring them.

Early Alignment:

Then, some of them began to dream of a great being who urged them to spread their prosperity to other worlds. It showed them the pain and suffering that other beings lived with, and the Odiamani were heartbroken by such sadness. They called this being God, and worshipped it.

They quickly figured out the trick of pulling through other universes to theirs, by focusing on the signatures of life forms that interacted with the aether. They then tugged on the spacetime that surrounded that life, and were able to align that universe with their own. With that universe close, they were able to shift into that universe, and discovered, to their delight, that they could pull laws of physics from that universe into their own.

At first, they entered these universes and tried to show the native life forms how to ascend as they had, but were shocked when the natives often saw them as aggressors, and attempted to wage war on them. Needless to say, the other species were no threat, but it stymied the Odiamani.

They began to instead attempt to speak to the beings of that world in their sleep, enticing them to come and learn the ways of the Odiamani, but this was only moderately successful, as many were still weary.

The Corruption:

Then God began to whisper to them in their dreams about how better ways of spreading their peace to those universes. Some Odiamani opposed the methods, which they thought would cause too much suffering. Others saw the long term possibilities of ending much greater suffering in the future if they acted decisively early. God urged members of both sides on.

Eventually, there was a split. Some of the Odiamani began to plan to move onto the worlds they saw as needing to be saved.

But the other faction, which was slightly larger, would not sanction this movement. 

The struggle heated further when one demon, known as Kolibus, entered another realm, Ispen, and began to weave great telepathy to ensnare the minds of all the beings in the world. He felt that by bringing them all under this control he could force them to stop resisting and begin the process of teaching them to act peaceably, endowing them with the Odiamani's great technology, and bring them into immortality, before letting go of his grasp on their minds.

Other Odiamani began to do the same to other realms, and eventually about 1/3 of them had started the process.

The others spoke vocally against this action, but without taking extreme force, they were relatively powerless to stop it. Many of them saw the loss of even a single one of their number as not being worth saving the entire universes that he or she might be ensnaring. 

However, the Odiamani still struggled with creating their perfect Utopias. No matter what they tried, when they left the worlds they'd 'saved', the people would descend back into their aggressive ways almost immediately (by Odiamani time scales, a hundred years or so). Virtually none of the attempted colonies succeeded in maintaining peace and mass extinctions began to happen in their universes, forcing the Odiamani to step back in and re-ensnare them.

The Odiamani could not figure out why this kept happening, though the truth was that the God they had found would begin corrupting the minds of those in the worlds the Odiamani tried to 'save.'

The struggle came to a pinnacle when Kolibus, the first to move into the new worlds, incredibly frustrated with the failure of the Ispens to maintain his peace, began to exterminate the people of the planet that he thought were sewing chaos. At first it was just one or two, corrupt rulers. Then came a greater wave of annihilation. 

Kolibus, in his rage, began to weave a spell which would execute all those who had 'sinned,' as he saw it, within the last year. It is unknown if he knew the full extent of what he was doing, or if he was blinded by rage and frustration. The spell would have destroyed all life on teh planet. 

But at this, the dissenting Odiamani could not tolerate.

Led by a female Odiamani known as Barkiel, a band of eight of the dissenters, the only ones who valued the collective lives of the other universes over those of individual members of their own species, moved into Ispen, where Kolibus was weaving his great spell, and sentenced him to death for his interference in the world. They executed him on the spot.

The other Dissenters learned of this action and were aghast and all but one abandoned their cause, outraged that some of their own would take such action against their own kind. 

The one who hadn't participated in the execution but did not turn was Narzha. Torn between her love for her people and her inner feelings that what the other demons were doing was wrong, and terrified of the war she suspected was coming, she fled to a world she herself had pulled into the Alignment, which had no intelligent life, and sealed herself off from the chaos, providing wards which would not let any other demons in, but would also not let her leave. 

Time moved extremely slowly in this world. There, for almost two million years, she wept in isolation, until she forgot why she was weeping, until she forgot everything about what had happened, until she had forgotten her own name. She reverted to a more primal form of her species. More of a force of nature than a hyper-intelligent God. She let the life on her world fluorish, and wilt, in its natural cycles. She made no attempts to leave the world she had landed on, though in the early days she certainly could have. She forgot the nature of the weave that allowed her to isolate her world, and how to undo it.

The eight Dissenters, knowing they would lose if outright war broke out among the Odiamani, isolated themselves on another world, Ardakzenia, and began construction of a great library, which took them 80 years to build, to research the nature of the multiverse which allowed the Alignment to form. Confident that they had a plan of action which might work, but knowing it would almost certainly end in all their deaths, they left their world, and in the instant before the other Odiamani could kill them, wove a great spell to shield off their realms, along with all the other realms that had been brought into the Alignment, away from the multiverse. Except for one, the realm which contained their God. Feeling that they had failed them, they left their God's realm unsealed. 

The eight Dissenters were killed, but the Odiamani were now trapped, sealed from the inside, by magic they could undo. It could now only be unlocked or accessed from the outside.

If one hopped in, they could not hop out. And one could not draw laws from a sealed realm.

The Odiamani, enraged, conquered each world that was left in their domains, and warred amongst each other for possession of those worlds. Over half of their original number died, the others now in possession of several worlds each, their relative powers determined by the laws of physics which goverened their realms. 

Only one world was untouchable, and that was Narzha's world.

Ardakzenia and its great library fell to the Odiamani named, Tarthus.

For several millennia, they warred in their isolation, unable to return to the peace they had once thrived under.

Until the oddest thing happened.

They felt new universes slide into the Alignment, universes that they did not bring toward them, as they were now unable to due to the shield. 

And beings from these worlds began to project themselves into their realms. 

The New Alignment:

The species known as the Pharphesians discovered the Alignment with the help of a great God who guided them through the process. They began to draw more worlds into the Alignment and rediscovered the arts of law-bending, projection, and world-hopping. However, they were always wary of the plethora of worlds which had been overrun by the Demons. 

Thus, the Alignment, as it is known today, was born.